♪ Thank you for being a friend ♪
♪ Traveled down the road
And back again ♪
♪ Your heart is true ♪
♪ You're a pal and a confidante ♪
♪ And if you threw a party ♪
♪ Invited everyone you knew ♪
♪ You would see the biggest gift
Would be from me ♪
♪ And the card attached would say ♪
♪ "Thank you for being a friend" ♪
(soft music playing)
(woman on radio) Thank you, Jack.
I'm Dr. Kelly,
and today we're going to be talking
about mothers and daughters,
the dark side.
Here's our first call.
Hello.
You're on the air.
I need first name only.
My name is Cher.
And your problem, Cher?
I have a 55-year-old daughter named
Dorothy, Dorothy Zbornak.
She's got problems.
First names only, please.
I told you. It's Cher.
Zbornak. You said
Dorothy Zbornak.
Oh. Sorry.
So, what's wrong with
this Dorothy Zbornak?
She's still living home,
and she's cramping my style.
Have you done anything
in a positive direction
to encourage separation?
When I hear her coming, I hide.
-Gotta go.
-Morning, Ma.
Good morning, pussycat.
♪ Dum dee da dum ♪
Blanche, hi.
Are you ok?
Never better. Why?
I've never seen you
do anything domestic.
I've done the laundry
thousands of times.
By the way, we're out of Bleock.
-Blanche, you dropped these.
-Oh, thanks.
Men's underwear?
Getting a little misty,
are you, pussycat?
I don't believe it. Blanche
Devereaux doing laundry for a man?
Not just any man.
-Rex Huntington.
-Rex Huntington?
The guy who
stood you up last week?
Yeah, but I like him,
so I'm giving him a second chance.
That was his second chance.
He stood you up before.
You're enjoying this,
aren't you, Dorothy?
Oh, yeah.
Look, we've had lots of nice
dates together.
He's a little unpredictable, but
that's what makes him so exciting.
That and these.
I wish Miles
was more unpredictable.
I know where I'm going every night.
We're in a rut.
It wasn't like that with Charlie.
You want to talk about a rut,
try spending three nights
in a row with this one.
I thought you liked the
lunar landing jigsaw puzzle.
Sure. It makes whatever time
I have left seem so much longer.
I hate to admit it,
but my relationship with Miles
is really getting boring.
-We even make love the same.
-How?
First he says,
"Let's go watch TV in the bedroom."
Then I think, "Wait. He
doesn't have a TV in the bedroom."
Then he says, "Come lie down.
I won't try anything."
Then we have four hours
of the most boring sex
you've ever had in your life.
Four hours?
I guess it could take less
if I stopped playing hard to get.
(serene music playing)
Ma, you put Buzz Aldrin's head
on Neil Armstrong's body.
-I did?
-Yes, Ma, you did.
I'm so ashamed.
I wouldn't blame you
if you sent me to bed.
Now. Right now.
But, Ma,
it's important to be accurate.
Now, look at the box.
Hey, pussycat, it says here
"from ages 8 to 80."
I'm out. I'm out.
Come on, Ma.
Hi, Dorothy. Sophia.
You kids have fun tonight?
Oh, did we ever. There's this
sewing shop on 4th street
and in the back
they've got this Thimble museum
I've always wanted to go to.
You could put in a Thimble what
most people know about Thimbles.
(laughs)
No, that's not mine.
They tell that one
down at the Thimble museum.
You actually had a good time
at a Thimble museum?
It was so-so.
Again, that was not mine.
They sell bumper stickers
out at the Thimble museum.
How about tomorrow night?
Dinner at the usual?
You know, we've been putting off
that trip to Zipper town.
Do you think we'll have time
after dinner?
Well, Zipper town is always open.
That was mine.
Just now, I swear.
-Good night, Rose.
-Good night.
Always open. Ha-ha-ha.
Two hours of learning about Thimbles
from foreign lands.
I couldn't wait to give
the headset back.
Look, Rose,
have you talked to Miles?
I think this is just who he is.
I don't think I was bored
for one day with Charlie.
He had a theory,
"Even a trip to the bank can be
exciting if you wear a ski mask."
He would say that often?
Almost as often as, "Don't shoot.
It's me, Charlie Nylund."
What's the problem, Blanche?
Oh, Rex Huntington,
that's the problem.
I've been stood up again.
I feel totally unattractive,
undesirable, and ignored.
Oh, Dorothy,
you explain it to them.
Blanche feels the way
any one of us would feel
if we were stood up three times.
Three whole times.
Three in a row.
Count them. 1...2...
Dorothy!
Oh, I'm sorry,
Blanche.
Come on, honey, sit down.
It's not so bad.
Do what we all do.
Our dance cards
may not be filled,
but at least we can face
the lonely nights together.
We're like sisters.
You're right.
Sisters united in the
battle against the opposite sex.
-(doorbell chimes)
-See you later, sisters.
It's date time.
First, I'll let him
know just how I feel.
Rex Huntington, where...
It looks like he knows
how she feels.
Wait here.
I'll get my purse.
No. It's too late.
We're staying here?
I just came by for a kiss.
Since I've done that, I'll just
take my laundry and go.
Come on. It's not late.
You kept me waiting for hours.
No. I'm sorry, baby.
I'm tired.
But I'm dressed up.
-I'm wearing your favorite perfume.
-Hey, I said it's too late.
You think I come over
to get nagged?
And to get your laundry.
Don't forget your laundry.
Well, Rex, I--
I guess I do owe you an apology.
I think you do.
This is better,
tomorrow night we're going out.
I'll call tomorrow,
we'll decide where.
We'll have a great time.
Ooh.
So that's a typical date
with Blanche.
I mean, after you cut out
all the dirty parts.
(mellow music playing)
You know today's
teachers' lounge joke?
Me.
I know that joke.
Everybody heard on the radio
that some anonymous ma
was complaining
that her dependent daughter Dorothy
doesn't have a life of her own.
You think you're the only
gray-haired spinster
substitute teacher named Dorothy
wasting her life away in Miami?
I'm sorry, Sophia,
but in Dorothy's defense,
that sure does sound
a lot like her.
(calm music playing)
(radio plays)
-Hello, Rose.
-Oh, hi, Miles.
Charlie and I used
to dance to that song.
We've danced to it too.
Not around a campfire,
hoping for rain.
Look, Rose...
Rose, we got to talk.
Are things between us
getting a little dull?
Oh, let's face it.
You and I are yawn city.
Population, two.
Miles, do you love me?
Of course, I do.
How much?
Well, I don't know.
Lots.
Enough to jump
out of an airplane?
Well, sure.
Enough to climb
the highest mountain,
swim the widest river,
jump out of an airplane.
So, what do you say?
Dinner?
Then we'll hit my place
and watch TV.
I won't try anything,
I swear.
I have made arrangements
for us tomorrow.
What arrangements?
We're to show up at the hangar
at 10 o'clock for skydiving class!
Well, you mean actually jump out
of an air, literally?
There is nothing like skydiving.
I mean, soaring through the air,
the freedom of it.
The idea of plummeting
toward a pasture
and watching a cow get bigger
and bigger...
it's just something we should
do together before we die.
Rose... couldn't I just run
towards you yelling moo?
Too little, too late, Miles.
We're jumping from that airplane.
What do you want for dinner?
Nothing too heavy.
(soft music playing)
Am I fat?
What, no "Hello. Am I fat?"
Dorothy, I seriously
want to know. Am I fat?
Well, of course not.
This guy Rex is ruining
your self-esteem.
Did he say you're fat?
Not in so many words,
but I do wonder whether "barrel-butt"
is a term of endearment.
-(doorbell rings)
-Oh.
God. It's Rex.
Oh, Rex.
You're right on time, you devil.
-You remember my roommates--
-Why are you dressed?
We're going
to a beach party.
I could have sworn
you said the theater.
Once again you're wrong.
-Well, I'll go change.
-No. Just skip it.
We're late. This is so stupid.
What's wrong?
I can go change.
No. There's no time.
You're the one that's going
to be embarrassed, not me.
I'll be waiting
in the car.
Boy, he makes Wallace Beery
look like Adolph Menjou.
Has been a while
since you've been to the movies.
Blanche, this guy has gone
past being a challenge.
He is really treating you
very badly.
Dorothy, you'll see.
I'm just reeling him in.
Look, I usually don't talk to you
about your dates.
Nor do I talk to you
Oh. Listen to me. I made a joke.
Blanche, this is
no laughing matter.
How can you take
this kind of abuse?
Abuse?
I'll have you know
he's never raised a hand to me.
Verbal abuse, Blanche.
He always talks like that.
I just don't pay attention.
Blanche,
you're making excuses for him.
Can we continue
this conversation later
when I find both the time
and interest? I have a date.
Look, Blanche,
I'm only thinking of you.
You know what I think?
You ought to mind your
own damn business.
-(honk)
-I'm coming, sweetheart.
(soft music playing)
Sea of Tranquility, come to mama.
Lunar Module, you're out of
here. Yeah! That's it! Yes!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
It's just a puzzle,
you didn't make this much noise
on your wedding night.
Oh, Ma, Ma,
it looks great, doesn't it?
Sure. Let's bust it up.
No, Blanche and Rose
haven't seen it.
They have dates.
They get to see the real moon.
Oh, I wish Blanche
wasn't out on a date.
I just hate the thought of her
being with that guy Rex.
I tell you, no man would ever
treat me that way.
You know why?
The whole city knows.
They heard it on the radio.
Rose, how was your date with
Miles?
We had a great time.
He seemed much more exciting
tonight.
Miles is living every moment
like it's his last.
He bought champagne,
and we toasted our first skydive
tomorrow.
Your what?
We're gonna go skydiving.
You're going skydiving?
A room with a view.
A room with a...
I mean, good luck.
(serene music playing)
-Oh, hi, girls.
-How was the beach party?
I'm not crazy about beach parties.
I'm glad you got home safely.
Are you still on that Rex thing?
Listen, for your information,
he apologized and apologized
about what he said
when we were leaving.
Then he invited me marlin fishing,
just us two on the open seas.
He says it's the ideal vacation.
Sure. No witnesses.
Blanche,
I know you find Rex alluring,
but, honey, I know
where you're headed.
I mean, I was once
in an abusive relationship.
Stan was a yutz,
but he wasn't abusive.
Not Stan. I've had relationships
with other men.
Oh, yeah. The evil pen pal.
What did Koo Duk Kim say in his
letters that hurt my little girl?
No. It was in high school.
Michael Tortelli. Remember?
Captain of the football team?
Oh, he was beautiful,
black, wavy hair, strong Roman nose,
and he could read.
Oh. Him.
He was always putting me down.
Made me feel
like I had no self worth.
Dorothy, this has
nothing to do with me.
Maybe Rex is right. Maybe
I have gained a few pounds.
You are buying right into this.
What makes you such an expert
on relationships?
This is male/female stuff.
This is what I know.
If I need advice on jigsaw puzzles,
I'll come to you.
Seconds after you jump,
your chute will open automatically,
and you'll lurch upwards,
unfortunately not high enough
to get back in the plane.
All you have to do
is relax and enjoy the view.
The only thing to remember
is when you hit the ground,
tuck and roll.
Tuck and roll. Say it.
Tuck and roll.
Someone didn't say tuck.
I'm sorry. I'm a little nervous.
Well, that's good.
It'll keep you on your toes.
Too bad there won't be anything
underneath them.
Ok. We take off in five minutes.
Are you excited?
Dumbstruck.
Oh, I know that feeling.
I hope I remember everything
the instructor said.
You must know
what you're doing.
You did this with Charlie.
-Well, we wanted to, but--
-But?
I thought you two
did this all the time.
Now, wait a minute.
I'm confused.
You know, I feel like
I'm getting smarter.
That's why we're
good for each other.
What about all those
other things you two did,
camping, tennis, boating?
All the time.
Well, maybe only once.
See,
Charlie had this unnatural fear.
-Of what?
-Camping, tennis, boating.
Rose, don't you see?
You're remembering
the way it never was.
Then you're expecting me
to compete with it.
That's not true.
Listen, Rose,
I can't fight a ghost.
Charlie's not only dead,
he's much younger.
Look, Rose, you know
I'm nuts about you,
but I shouldn't have to prove it
by jumping out of an airplane.
I'm over 60.
Well, so is Paul Newman,
and he still races cars.
I don't want to be compared
with Charlie,
and I sure don't want to be compared
with Paul Newman,
although I do make a better
salad dressing.
I don't want to be compared
with anybody.
I'm the best me there is.
Isn't that enough?
It is.
I don't know
why I put you though all this.
Now that I think of it, there were
times that Charlie was boring.
I didn't love him less.
That's all I ask, Rose,
that you love me
even when I'm boring.
Oh, I do, Miles.
Ok. It's time to take off.
-Let's go home.
-Ok.
Rose, you say,
Charlie never did this.
I think he was scared.
He was, huh?
Ok, Rose. Come on.
Let's go for it.
I bet if Charlie had jumped,
he'd have thrown in
a few somersaults.
Don't push it, Rose.
(calm music playing)
I'm ready for the fishing trip.
Suntan lotion and a string bikini.
I don't want the fish to be
the only things nibbling.
Or flopping around in the boat.
Blanche.
Yes?
I've been trying to think
of something to say to you
that would make you
come to your senses,
and all I could come up with
is don't go.
That's it?
It would be wrong to let you go off
with this guy when you'll be hurt.
Dorothy, you've had your say,
but I don't agree with you,
so stay out of it.
If you're trying to help,
you're kidding yourself.
I forgot my lucky silver dollar.
What's that for?
To get lucky.
(doorbell rings)
-Hi. Is Blanche ready?
-Not quite yet.
Would you like to sit down?
-No. I'm in a hurry.
-She'll only be a minute.
Now we'll run into traffic.
I hate when she does this.
You hate
when she does a lot of things.
-What?
-Nothing.
I'm staying out of it.
Want to go light a fire under her?
-No, I don't think so.
-Why not?
Because I think she's getting
burned enough as it is.
Look, just tell Blanche
to hurry up.
I've got to teach her
about being on time.
Wait a minute. I don't want
you teaching her anything.
You're starting
to get on my nerves.
Good. You're already on mine.
I don't like the way
you're treating Blanche.
Under that make-up and sexy talk,
there's a little girl,
and for some reason, she's letting
you take advantage of her.
I can't stop her seeing you,
but I won't hurry her up.
This is none of your business.
Just butt out.
-You're hurting me.
-Stop that!
Are you ready?
-I think you'd better go.
-Oh, look, look. I'm sorry.
Really, I'm sorry.
You know I don't mean
these things I say.
Just leave.
If I walk out,
I'm not coming back.
That's a promise
I'll see that you keep.
-Are you all right?
-I'm ok.
-I don't know what to say.
-Honey, I'm fine.
Until I saw him grab you,
I couldn't see what he was.
It could have been a lot worse.
Most people in an
abusive relationship
have to hit bottom
before they get out.
You were lucky.
Your bottom's a lot higher
than most people's.
Well, I'm off.
-Where are you going, Rose?
-To see Miles.
Visiting hours at the hospital
are until 10.
Please tell him
I hope his leg feels better.
Oh, he feels great.
He says a week in bed
is what he needs.
Tell him I'll drop by tomorrow.
I went by that Thimble museum.
I got him a Thimble from France.
It's got this little man.
When you turn it upside-down, oh...
I think I'll keep
this one for myself.
You know,
Miles is a pretty exciting guy.
I hope you know that.
Oh, I know it now.
You don't realize how much
you care for a man
until you see him
streaking toward earth,
trying to grab a bird.
Boy.
He must really love you.
Well, I love him too.
Boy, am I glad I didn't jump.
(theme music playing)